Okay, it's 10:03.
We'll wait for him for 10 minutes
10 minutes to
How is it? Is there a problem?
I don't feel this broken ginseng.
It's like a radish
It's not as good as the ginseng opened by that traditional Chinese medicine room
Piece
My 300,000
Brushed mink
300,000 300,000 want to buy the 100-year Night God's Comedy
dean
You are at least a well-known professor in our country.
You have a brain
Raise you
Why do you dislike what the dean gave you?
It took 300,000 to buy it
Although not evidence
But at least they are sincere enough
How about you?
This guy doesn't actually have a barrel of a gun on his back.
Buy something for me armed girl
That's a shame
The birthday gift I give will naturally not last longer than the wish.
Don't worry.
Hey, more than just brother, you were kidding me yesterday
I told you
You definitely can't spend 500 yuan on a birthday gift
Come as a gift
Yes, bring me your key.
My brother has to be embarrassed by the rain too
That's right, what I give is a gift.